Please read this document carefully. We recommend you keep a copy for
subsequent reference.

This license Agreement (hereinafter the "License Agreement”) has as
its purpose the provision by the company Production Systems SAS, a
simplified stock company with share capital of €10,000 registered on
the Paris trade and companies register under number 799731575, with
its corporate headquarters at 182, Rue de Charenton 75012 Paris -
France (hereinafter “Production Systems SAS”) of the Font Software
and its components, including the Font and the Typeface (as defined
below) to the user of the Font, Typeface and the Font Software
(hereinafter the "User”).

Production Systems SAS and the User are hereinafter jointly defined as
the “Parties” or individually a “Party”.

ARTICLE 1 – DEFINITIONS

“Typeface/s” refers to all graphic representations of a character
and/or glyph, its weight, ornaments and graphics generated by the Font
Software by using the Font, or deriving from same and created by
Production Systems SAS, and including rasterized, as well as derived
images (bitmap, for example);

“Font” refers to the complete set of characters of a same typeface
created by Production Systems SAS, particularly all glyphs of the
alphabet, as well as all figures and all characters making up a
typeface;

“Font software" refers to the software whose functionalities are
described in Annex 1 of this agreement, which integrates the Font and
enables the generation of the typeface and, as applicable, the
ornaments and other characters attached to a Typeface, it being
specified that the Font Software also includes the Associated
Documentation as defined below.

“Associated Documentation” designates the information,
functionalities and technical documentation linked to the Font
Software and, more generally, the Font, and Typeface, and enabling
their use, as detailed in the support section linked on the Website,
it being specified that the Associated Documentation applicable to an
order is that documentation passed on to the User, with the Purchase
Order, on confirmation of his order, particularly by e-mail when the
order is made online, the proof of functionalities and the technical
documentation associated with the Font Software being established on
the basis of the Associated Documentation thus passed on to the User;

ARTICLE 2 – PURPOSE

The purpose of the License Agreement is to grant the non-exclusive
right of use to the Font Software, and to specify the conditions under
which Production Systems SAS authorizes the User to use the Font
Software and its components, including the Font and the Typeface.

ARTICLE 3 – USER LICENSE

Production Systems SAS grants the User, subject to their full respect
of this License Agreement, and in particular subject to full payment
of the remuneration agreed between the Parties as indicated in article
7 of this agreement, a non-exclusive authorization to use the Font
Software.

The scope of the authorization granted varies according to the needs
and choice of the User from among the different authorizations listed
below, and as defined in this article 3:

- Desktop License;

- Audio-visual and film License;

- Web License;

- Mobile Application License;

- Web server License and PDF server;

- EPub License.

It is specified that the amount of remuneration paid by the User for
the authorization to use the Font Software granted by Production
Systems SAS may vary according to the scope of the authorization, and
more specifically according to the license(s) selected, which the User
acknowledges.

The choice of the User, and consequently the scope of the
authorization granted by Production Systems SAS, is indicated in the
purchase order summarizing the choice of license(s), as well as the
price of each license and the total price as passed on to the User
upon confirmation of his order, particularly by email when the order
is made online (hereinafter, the "Purchase Order"). 

This Purchase Order is prepared by Production Systems SAS, (i) either
through its website at, http://www.productiontype.com/ [1], in which
case the User is also subject to the terms of use of the website and
the download service, with this License Agreement prevailing in case
of dispute, (ii) or directly by Production Systems SAS. 

The Parties understand that the authorization granted by Production
Systems SAS does not transfer to the User any of the rights of
Production Systems SAS to the Font Software and all its components,
with Production Systems SAS retaining sole title to the exclusive Font
Software and all its components, and all associated trademarks.

The user has an obligation, to a reasonable extent, to credit
Production Systems SAS as the originator and, more generally,
attribute all credits necessary to identify Production Systems SAS as
the holder of all rights attached to the Font Software, pursuant to
article 6 of this agreement. The User agrees to remove none of the
credits and copyrights contained in the Font Software.

The authorization granted allows the User to use the Font Software in
accordance with instructions and functionalities as described in the
Associated Documentation, for the specific personal needs of the User
and/or their commercial activity, particularly for promotional and
publicity purposes.

Depending on the authorization chosen, the User may, both with regard
to the right of reproduction and to right of representation, use the
Typeface on printed documents, electronic documents, graphic design,
or in online services and/or on websites, either for integrating the
Typeface in media intended to be broadcast and/or distributed in the
cinema, or loaded in applications. These different methods of
exploitation being cumulative, depending on the options chosen by the
User, and subject to full payment of the price of the license(s)
chosen by the latter, it being specified that the user’s right to
use the Font Software is, in all cases, limited to the executable
code, and that any attempt to access the source code of the Font
Software is prohibited.

3.1 DESKTOP LICENSE

By "desktop”, is meant any use of the Font Software on a tangible
and/or digital media, enabling editing by the User alone, then the
display and printing of text including the Typeface on a tangible
media, internally or as part of the User's commercial activity, and as
an accessory to this activity, to the exclusion of any commercial use
of the Font Software and/or the Typeface themselves, and focused on
the same design and the form of the Typeface (hereinafter the "Desktop
License").

The Font Software may thus be used to create printed documents, books,
newspapers, reviews and, more generally, as part of any literary and
media publishing activity, for creating the User’s packaging, visual
identities and/or logos, manufactured products and/or derivatives
bearing the visual identity and/or logos thus created, and in which
the Typeface may appear. The Font Software may also be used to create
digital documents containing the Typographical Characters and intended
for printing.
Under this license, it is specified that the Font Software may under
no circumstances be distributed and/or transmitted to a third party,
and that there is only authorization for the distribution/ commercial
or otherwise, of Typeface in the form of vector images or bitmaps, or
in any other uneditable format of images enabling a representation of
Typeface in digital form. The reproduction and representation of
Typographical Characters in this form is particularly authorized on
websites and/or in applications.

The use of the Font Software is authorized for static text only, not
dynamic. Use for dynamic text editable by a third party and/or the
printing of variable data is not part of the Desktop License. The
dynamic display of Typefaces is not authorized either.

The User recognizes that he may not supply the Font Software in a
format enabling extraction. Nevertheless, if no other option is
available, the User may transmit a digital copy of the Font Software
used in a digital document for the attention of a third party service
provider requiring the transmission of a document containing the Font
Software, such as a service bureau or printer, for the use by the
latter and preparation of the document within the strict framework of
the service performed at the request of the User, and as long as the
service provider destroys all copies of the Font Software once the
service has been performed. This special authorization is without
prejudice to respect by the User of the obligations set out herein,
and particularly this Article and Article 9. Also, the user recognizes
that the transmission of a document in PDF format set to "printing and
viewing only" is the first and best method for transmitting such
documents to a service bureau or printer.

Within the framework of his use of the Font Software, the User is
authorized to install the Font Software for a defined number of
sub-users, and any other copy is prohibited.

It is specified that when the User is a legal entity, the sub-users
indicated in the previous paragraph must all be employees of the
company to which the License Agreement is granted.

The User may furthermore install and use the Font Software on 1 (one)
file server, for use on a local network (LAN), solely in the case
where use of the Font Software is expressly limited to the total
number of sub-users that may install the Font Software under this
agreement, corresponding to the total number of sub users having
authorization to use the Font Software simultaneously, and not the
total number of persons that may have access to the Font Software at
any moment.

3.2 AUDIO-VISUAL AND FILM LICENSE

The authorization to use the Font Software for "audio-visual" purposes
covers uses of the Font Software enabling the including of including
the Typeface in audio-visual content intended to be broadcast or
distributed during projections, particularly in the cinema, on the
television and in content distributed online (hereinafter the
"Audio-visual and Film license").

The Audio-visual and film license is granted:

- Either for a specific audio-visual work, which is thus indicated in
the Purchase Order, it being specified that the Audio-Visual and Film
license then covers solely the work envisaged in the Purchase Order,
and does not enable use of the Font Software and/or the Typeface for
any other audio-visual work, even linked to that for which the
Audio-visual and Film License was concluded, and in particular
sequels, prequels and spin-offs;

- Or for a television channel published by the User, for all
broadcasts and, more generally, all programs designed exclusively for
and distributed exclusively on this channel, which is indicated in the
Purchase Order. 

Under the Audio-visual and Film License, and in order to enable the
integration of Typeface within audio-visual content, the User may use
the Font Software to create electronic documents and/or digital files.

The use of the Font Software is authorized for static text only, and
not dynamic. Use for dynamic text editable by a third party is not
part of the Audio-visual License. The dynamic display of Typefaces is
authorized.

The User recognizes that he may not supply the Font Software in a
format enabling extraction. Nevertheless, if no other option is
available, the User may transmit a digital copy of the Font Software
used in a digital document for the attention of a third party service
provider requiring the transmission of a document containing the Font
Software, such as a creator or specialist in visual effects, for the
use by the latter and preparation of the document, strictly for the
service performed at the request of the User, and as long as the
service provider destroys all copies of the Font Software once the
service has been performed. This special authorization is without
prejudice to respect by the User of the obligations set out herein,
and particularly in this Article and Article 9. Also, the user
recognizes that the transmission of a file, for example a layer,
embedding the Typeface but not enabling the access and/or extraction
of the Font Software is the first and best method for transmitting
such files to a provider.

3.3 WEB LICENSE

By "web," we mean any use of the Font Software in EOT, WOFF, SVG
formats in the digital realm for online use, and exclusively
integrated into a website whose domain name is specified in the
Purchase Order, as well as an unlimited number of sub-domains related
to the domain contained in the Purchase Order enabling the display of
Typeface on screen only, whatever the access device used (personal
computer, smart phone, tablet, etc.) (hereinafter the “Web
License”).
The use of the Font Software within the framework of the Web License
is authorized for a domain name indicated in the Purchase Order, and
for all its sub-domains, and whose monthly number of visitors is also
specified in the Purchase Order. If the number of monthly visitors is
exceeded over three (3) consecutive months, the user must request a
new license specifying a higher number of visitor numbers. 

Use of the Font Software is authorized for the creation of text on
websites, and to enable static and/or dynamic display of Typeface on
screen exclusively, it being specified that the Web License gives no
authorization to print elements displayed on screen containing
Typeface and generated on the basis of and/or deriving from the Font
Software. The editing of dynamic text by a third party is authorized.

The Font Software may be used to create electronic documents and/or
digital files and/or may be copied in data bases produced by the User
enabling their use to generate characters and/or editorial and/or
creative services online published by the User. It is specified that
the reproduction of the Font Software is only authorized here to the
extent that it is the necessary accessory to the dynamic use of the
Font Software and its execution with a view to generating websites
and/or pages using the Font Software, and the consultation by web
users of said websites and/or pages using the Font Software.

 A provider supplying remote storage services (remote servers, cloud,
etc.) to the User is authorized to copy the Font Software, as part of
a web use requiring the remote execution of the Font Software, it
being specified that the Font Software must then be supplied in a
format which does not enable extraction, and that only the copy of the
executable version of the Font Software is authorized.

In the event that the correct functioning of the website and/or online
service created by the User requires storage of the Font Software in
the storage space, in a format that permits it, which enables the
extraction, editing, alteration, enrichment and/or modification by a
third party, the user undertakes to inform the provider of the need to
prevent any extraction, reproduction and/or representation of the Font
Software and/or all reproductions other than those strictly necessary
for the operation of the website and/or online service created by the
User. 

The User indemnifies Production Systems SAS against all
representations and/or reproductions of the Font Software outside of
the Web License, particularly in the form of a copy and/or links to
font sites. The User acknowledges that he is solely liable in the case
of representation, reproduction and/or extraction of the Font
Software, particularly by uses of website(s) the domain names for
which are specified in the Purchase Order which are not authorized to
store a copy of the Font Software, and may only execute it to generate
websites, attached or otherwise, to the domain name recorded in the
Purchase order and its sub-domains. The User furthermore undertakes to
make all reasonable efforts to prevent the extraction of the Font
Software, and in particular the setting up of links to the Font
Software from font hosting websites.

3.4 MOBILE APPLICATION LICENSE

Authorization to use the Font Software in applications covers use of
the Font Software when it is copied and loaded into an application
specified in the Purchase Order that the User may download in order to
display the Typeface on screen during execution of operating systems
for mobile terminals and particularly iOS, Windows Mobile and Android,
for use of the Font Software in the specific formats adapted to these
terminals and operating system, it being specified that Production
Systems SAS reserves the right to amend the list of operating systems
for mobile terminals subject to the stipulations of article 13.3
herein (and therefore exclusively on smartphone, tablet, and excluding
PCs), this use covering applications for smartphones and tablets,
including downloadable games, executable solely on these mobile
terminals, the authorization of use not covering video games
executable on PCs or game consoles (hereinafter the “Mobile
Application License”).
Use of the Font Software is authorized to enable the static and/or
dynamic display of typographical characters on screen. The editing of
dynamic text by a third party is authorized. Under a Mobile
Application license, a copy of the Font Software may be made for
embedding into the application for which the Mobile Application
License was granted, and its use enabling the dynamic display of
Typeface, it being specified that only the executable version of the
Font Software may be used and notified to the end user.

The Font Software may not be used to create electronic documents
and/or digital files that the user may embed into the application.

It is specified that within the framework of Mobile Application
Licenses, the User undertakes to load the Font Software into the
application in a secure manner, and such that the Font Software is not
accessible by the final user, and is not in the font library, the use
and/or execution of the Font Software being strictly limited to the
application for which the Mobile Application License was granted.

Under the Mobile Application License, the Font Software may not be
copied in remote databases produced by the User and enabled to
generate Typeface and/or editorial and/or creative content requiring
the execution of the Font Software via a remote connection during
execution of the application with which the Font Software is used.
Likewise, the copying of the Font Software by a provider supplying
remote storage services (remote servers, cloud, etc.) for the User is
not authorized.

3.5 DOCUMENT SERVER LICENSE

The authorization to use the Font Software on document servers on an
Intranet or the Internet covers use of the Font Software on a server
identified in the Purchase Order enabling creation by the User alone,
the display and printing of text comprising Typographical Characters
in digital format and/or tangible format (hereinafter the "Document
License Server").

The Font Software may also be used to create printed documents
containing the Typeface. The Font Software may also be used to create
digital documents containing the Typographical Characters and intended
for printing.

Under the Document Server License, a copy of the Font Software may be
made for embedding into the server as identified in the Purchase
Order. If the User wishes to use the Font Software for more than one
server, the User must obtain as many Document Server Licenses as
servers into which he wishes to incorporate the Font Software.

Use of the Font Software is authorized for static and dynamic text,
including the dynamic display of Typeface and the dynamic publication
of the text, it being specified that only the executable version of
the Font Software can be used and integrated into the server
identified in the Purchase Order. The printing of variable data is
part of the Document Server License.

3.6 EPUB LICENSE.

Use of the Font software in Ebooks covers the use of the Font Software
in Kindle AZW, PDF, EPUB, Broadhand eBooks and Mobipocket formats for
publication by the user, through the Typeface, of the digital work
specified in the Purchase Order, and consultable via specific
applications (Ebook readers), and on display terminals enabling the
digital display of content (Kindle, iPad, etc.) (hereinafter the
“Ebook License”).

The use of the Font Software is authorized to enable the static
display of Typeface on screen. The editing of dynamic text by a third
party is not authorized. The Ebook license does not cover the printing
of digital texts on tangible media.

Within the framework of the Ebook license, a copy of the Font Software
may be made with a view to its embedding into the application for
which the Ebook license was granted, and its use enabling the dynamic
display of Typeface, it being specified that only the executable
version of the Font Software may be used and notified to the end user.

The Font Software may only be used to create the sole digital work
indicated in the Purchase Order. If the User wishes to use the Font
Software for more than one work, the User must obtain as many Ebook
Licenses as works into which he wishes to embed the Font Software.

It is specified that within the framework of the Ebook License, the
User undertakes to load the Font Software into the work in a secure
manner, and such that the Font Software is not accessible by the final
user, and is not in the font library, the use and/or execution of the
Font Software being strictly limited to the work for which the Ebook
License was granted.

Under the Ebook License, the Font Software may not be copied in remote
databases produced by the User and enabling its use to generate
Typeface and/or editorial and/or creative content requiring the
execution of the Font Software via a remote connection during
consultation of the work with which the Font Software is used.
Likewise, the copying of the Font Software by a provider supplying
remote storage services (remote servers, cloud, etc.) for the User is
not authorized.

Within the framework of his use of the Font Software, in order to
publish the work identified in the Purchase Order, the User is
authorized to install the Font Software for an unlimited number of
sub-users, and any other copy is prohibited.

It is specified that when the User is a legal entity, the sub-users
indicated in the previous paragraph must belong to the company to
which the License Agreement is granted.

The User may furthermore install and use the Font Software on 1 (one)
file server, for use within the framework of a local network (LAN),
solely in the case where use of the Font Software is expressly limited
to the total number of sub-users that may install the Font Software
under this agreement, corresponding to the total number of sub user(s)
having authorization to use the Font Software simultaneously, and not
the total number of persons that may have access to the Font Software
at any moment.

The user undertakes to delete any copy of the Font Software completed
following publication of the digital work specified in the Purchase
Order for the publication of which the User concluded the Ebook
License.
 

3.7 GENERALITIES APPLICABLE TO ALL LICENSES

The components of the Font Software are granted under the license
selected as a single unit. The User is not authorized to separate the
components and install them on different devices.

Outside the cases set out above, and expressly authorized in points
3.1 to 3.6 of this Article 3, the User is not authorized to represent,
reproduce and/or distribute the Font Software. The User is not
authorized, in particular, to:

- Copy or allow any third party to copy the Font Software;

- Market, hire, sub-license, give, lend, distribute or otherwise
provide the public with the Font Software, or allow any third party to
do so;

- Modify, edit, adapt, translate the Font Software, or create
derivative works based on the Font Software, or allow any third party
to do so; in particular, the User is not authorized to modify or amend
the digital data characteristics of the Font Software, wholly or
partially. In particular, the User is not authorized to modify the
Typeface, including, in particular, the creation of additional
weights, the creation, modification or removal of existing glyphs,
metrics, spacing and kerning, or allow any third party to do so; 

- Carry out the reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembly,
alteration and attempts to access the source code of the Font
Software, or to allow any third party to do so; in the event that
Production Systems SAS authorizes the User to carry out one of the
acts set out herein, any modification shall become and remain the
exclusive property of Production Systems SAS, and the User may not
market, lend or transmit these modifications or additions to the Font
Software to any third party, or allow any third party to do so; these
stipulations apply without prejudice to applicable mandatory legal
provisions and treaties, particularly relating to inter-operability,
and solely to the extent that the decompiled data is necessary to
inter-operability and has not been provided by Production Systems SAS,
after written request by the User;

- Convert the Font Software into another format for use on other
operating systems or other formats, or allow any third party to do so,
Production Systems SAS being solely authorized to supply the Font
Software in different or supplementary formats, after preparing a
specific quote at the request of the User; in the event that
Production Systems SAS converts the Font Software, any conversion
shall become and remain the exclusive property of Production Systems
SAS, and the User may not sell, lend or transmit these modifications
or additions to the Font Software to any third party, or allow any
third party to do so.

The User may nevertheless make 1 (one) back-up copy of the Font
Software beyond the copies used for operating purposes expressly
authorized in points 3.1 to 3.6 of this Article 3, solely for the
purposes of archiving, and agrees to protect and control this copy.
The User may only use this copy for the purposes of reinstalling the
Font software, which he acknowledges. In case of termination of the
License Agreement, the User must immediately destroy the original and
all copies of the Font Software under the conditions set out in
Article 9 of this agreement.

The Font Software may not be used to create a digital file in which
all or part of the Font Software is incorporated in a format that
enables its extraction, editing, alteration, enrichment or
modification by the recipient of such a document, in any way
whatsoever. This prohibition includes the extraction of vector
contours.

It is specified, for all useful purposes, that the User may not
transmit the file including the Font Software to any third party that
could extract the Font Software from such a file, except in the cases,
and for the purposes, expressly authorized in points 3.1 to 3.6, and
subject to the condition that the license selected by the User enables
such a use, and that the person to whom the Font Software is
transmitted is informed of the prohibition against reproducing,
distributing, providing to the public, disseminating, executing or
more generally exploiting in any way, free or at cost, the Font
Software, and of his obligation to destroy it after performing the
service when the person in question is a provider rendering a service
for the User.

Use of the Font Software is not authorized for on-board electronic
systems, which include the use of the Font Software integrated into
equipment, whether portable or integrated into a vehicle. For example,
and non-exhaustively, such on-board systems include interactive
terminals, portable game consoles, smartphones or tablets, regardless
of whether the display and/or creation of a copy of the Typeface
springs from the usage of the Font Software or an image of the
Typeface in tiff, gif or any other format.

The sharing, lending, unauthorized hire or marketing or incorrect use
of the back-up copy constitutes a material breach under the terms of
the License Agreement, whatever the license selected by the User, the
immediate cancellation of this License Agreement springing therefrom,
subject to any damages.

The user is generally prohibited from any use and/or exploitation of
the Font Software outside the scope determined by this License
Agreement and, in particular, outside that of the specific license(s)
selected by the User, and for which he has obtained authorization.

Any use which is not expressly authorized herein is prohibited, and
the rights which are not clearly granted to the User are reserved for
Production Systems SAS. Any reproduction or representation, fully or
partially, for purposes other than the authorized usage, is
prohibited. The failure to respect this prohibition constitutes an
infringement that could incur the civil and criminal liability of the
offender.

The user guarantees Production Systems SAS against all representations
and/or reproductions, particularly in the form of a copy, of the Font
Software outside the framework of the License Agreement, and
acknowledges that he shall be solely liable in the event of
representation, reproduction and/or extraction of the Font Software,
in particular by end users who are not authorized to access the Font
Software, and to use it in anything other than executable form.

For greater certainty, it is specified that if the User is a service
provider and downloads the Font Software for his own use, the license
granted does not cover user of the Font Software for any of the User's
customers. As applicable, and if he so wishes, the User’s customer
must acquire a license. These stipulations apply without prejudice to
the cases set out in points 3.1 to 3.6 of this Article 3, where the
User's customer is authorized to copy the Font Software and/or execute
it, subject to respect for the conditions and purposes for which these
authorizations are granted, and respect for the stipulations in
Article 6 herein.

Finally, it is specified that without the prior upgrading of this
License Agreement or conclusion of a new license Agreement, it is
prohibited to use the Font Software for the production of an alphabet
(or any product, including any derivative product, linked to the form
of letters) and/or for the creation of products and/or devices for the
creation of forms of letters with a view to their marketing, or
otherwise, such as, and without this constituting a limitation,
stamps, decals, tattoos, stencils, adhesive letters. Likewise, use of
the Font Software and Typeface is not authorized for any reproduction
of Typeface on any derivative products such as clothing, textiles,
decor, crockery, stationary when such a reproduction is not accessory
to the commercial activity of the User, but is a commercial
exploitation of the design and form of the Typeface themselves.

Under no circumstances may the user consider that he is the owner of
the digital files that Production Systems SAS makes available to the
User. The physical control of files is only granted to allow him to
enjoy the rights granted and subject to the authorization given, and
these files are only ancillary to the License Agreement.

Whether the User is a physical person or legal entity, the User must
ensure that either the members of the household or members of the
acquiring legal entity, employees, agents, as well as any provider
called upon to use the Font Software are informed of the terms and
conditions of the License Agreement, and that they agree to be bound
by it before using the Font Software, to which the User agrees.

Pursuant to Article l.131-9 of the Intellectual Property Code, it
should be recalled that Production Systems SAS has the option of
resorting to the technical measures set out in Article L.331-5 of the
Intellectual Property Code, as well as information in electronic form
set out in Article L. 331-11 of the same Code.

The digital files of the Font Software may thus be protected by
technical measures for protection and information, or "Digital Rights
Management Systems", that is to say protection systems making it
possible to control their use and in particular their copying. Their
main purpose is to offer Users the maximum flexibility in the use of
the content made available, while protecting intellectual property
rights. The User is prohibited from taking any measure aimed at
misappropriating or infringing on the technical measures for
protection and information. The User expressly recognizes and accepts
that the technical measures of protection and information may limit or
revoke his access to one or several Font Software programs, as well as
the use that may be made thereof. The User also agrees to the
automatic updating of technical measures for protection and
information, and the associated consequences.

It is expressly agreed between the Parties that this specific
commitment constitutes an essential and determinant obligation without
which Production Systems SAS would not have concluded the Agreement.

If the User is not sure that the use he intends to make of the Font
Software is authorized, he must contact Production Systems SAS for
verification.

The absence of a request for authorization by the User and/or the
absence of any specific prohibition in the License Agreement may not
be interpreted as an authorization or authorized usage under any
circumstance whatsoever.

To get a license supplement, the User must contact Production Systems
SAS at info@productiontype.com for further information.

ARTICLE 4 – DURATION AND TERRITORIALITY OF THE LICENSE

The License Agreement takes effect:

- Either at the moment when, on the website of Production Systems SAS
available at the following URLhttp://www.productiontype.com/ [2], the
User, wishing to create a User account and/or download the Font
Software, chooses to tick the box “I have read and fully accept all
the rules set out by this License Agreement” ;

- Or on the signing of this License Agreement by the Parties as
identified at the end of this agreement.

The right to use the Font Software granted within the framework of the
License Agreement is granted, according to that indicated in the
Purchase Order:

- For a term of one (1) year from the date on which the License
Agreement takes effect;

- For the legal protection period by copyright of the Font Software,
and all its components, including the Font and Typographical
Characters, as currently in force, or that which may result from any
legislative change, the new protection period able, in the event of a
change, to vary from one component of the Font Software to the other,
depending on the work concerned.

The License(s) selected by the user as described in Article 3 of this
agreement are granted for the whole world.

ARTICLE 5 – INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Font Software, all its components as well as all registered
trademarks associated with the latter, and all elements that make it
up, and in particular the Font and Typographical Characters, are the
exclusive property of Production Systems SAS, which the User
acknowledges.

All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved for Production
Systems SAS, which the User acknowledges.

It is specified that Production Systems SAS, its successors and
beneficiaries, expressly retain all legal rights to the Font Software
and all its components, the scope of the legal right being envisaged
in distributive form by component, according to the type of work.

The User recognizes that any unauthorized use of the Font Software is
a violation of the rights of Production Systems SAS causing
significant financial damage to Production Systems SAS.

In case of violation of the rights of Production Systems SAS by the
User, production Systems SAS reserves the right to claim any
remuneration it would normally have a right to, without prejudice
toward any other financial compensation of any nature resulting from
an infringement of said rights.

ARTICLE 6 – CITATIONS

It is agreed between the Parties that all copies of the Font Software
that the User is expressly authorized to make must bear the same
citations pertaining to copyright or trademark law appearing on or in
the Font Software.

Likewise, for any use of the Font Software, and in particular the Font
and Typographical characters comprising it, within the framework of
its commercial activity, particularly for its promotional activity,
the user must display citations pertaining to copyright or trademark
law attached to the Font Software and its components, for example in a
dedicated "credits" or "coda" section.

ARTICLE 7 – FINANCIAL CONDITIONS

In consideration for the authorization granted to it under Article 3
of this agreement, the User shall pay Production Systems SAS the sum,
in Euros excluding tax, indicated on the purchase order supplied to
the User, either electronically in their User account and/or by email,
or directly by Production Systems SAS and corresponding to the
license(s) selected by the User and identified individually on the
Purchase order, the price of each license being indicated on the
Purchase Order, as well as the precise name of each Font Software
program.

Payment of the sum due by the User for the authorization granted in
Article 3 of this agreement is made:

- For any order made directly to Production Systems SAS, on receipt of
the invoice sent by Production Systems SAS to the User, VAT shall be
applied in addition to rates and conditions in force;

- For any order made online, directly after confirmation of the order
of a Font Software program made on the website of Production Systems
SAS, VAT shall be applied in addition to the rates and conditions in
force, to full payment conditions for the sending of a link to the
User's account, enabling them to download the selected Font Software.

It is specified that in all cases, the Font Software is only made
available to the User subject to the condition that the entire price
has been paid to Production Systems SAS, in the absence of specific
contractual conditions expressly authorized by the Parties.

ARTICLE 8 – GUARANTEES

8.1 The User guarantees that he has the legal capacity to agree to
this License Agreement, and that he has read and understood the
License Agreement. The User expressly recognizes that in using the
Font Software, he agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of
this License Agreement.

The User guarantees that either the members of the household or the
members of the acquiring legal entity, employees and agents as well as
any provider called upon to use the Font Software are informed of the
terms and conditions of this License Agreement, and agree to be bound
by it before using the Font Software.

In case of use of the Font Software unauthorized by this License
Agreement, both by himself or by members of the household or members
of the acquiring legal entity, employees and agents, as well as any
provider or customer, the User acknowledges that he is fully liable
towards Production Systems SAS, and undertakes to compensate it in
this respect.

8.2 Production Systems SAS guarantees that it has the legal capacity
to grant this License Agreement, and that it holds all the
intellectual property rights to grant the authorizations set out in
Article 3 of this agreement to the User.

Production Systems SAS retains exclusive title to the intellectual
property rights attached to the Font software and all its components
in all their versions.

Production Systems SAS shall hold the User harmless against any claim
or suit that might be brought by any physical persons or legal
entities that claim any rights whatsoever to all or part of the Font
Software, and/or its components and/or their use by the User, as long
as:

- The User has notified, within a reasonable period of time, the
action or suit or declaration that preceded the dispute;

- Production Systems SAS has been able to freely conduct, at its own
cost, the defence of its own interests as well as those of the User,
and particularly that it has given its agreement to the choice of the
attorney(/s) entrusted with the defense and that, within the
procedure, the User has loyally collaborated in said defense by
providing, in due time, all the elements of information and assistance
reasonably necessary to successfully conduct said defense.

8.3 Production Systems SAS contractually guarantees the correct
operation of the Font Software and its components, over the 30
(thirty) days following their delivery, no guarantee concerning the
correct operation of the Font Software and its components, nor their
fitness for the requirements and usage envisaged by the User being
supplied to the User being provided to the User beyond this 30
(thirty) day deadline, without prejudice toward any laws and
regulations that may be applicable.

To make a warranty claim, the User must contact Production Systems SAS
at the email address indicated in Article 14.6 of this agreement, with
sufficient information to enable confirmation of the date of
effectiveness of this License Agreement, which the User acknowledges
and accepts.

8.4 Bearing in mind the highly technical nature of the Font Software,
and the current status of IT techniques, the Parties mutually agree
that Production Systems SAS is subject to an obligation of means,
specifically not guaranteeing that the Font Software is fit for the
User's intended use.

The liability of Production Systems SAS may only be incurred by its
actions and/or those of its employees in the case of acts carried out
by it or them, within the framework of the execution of the License
Agreement, and in the sole case where a causal link has been
established between the alleged detriment and gross misconduct of
Production Systems SAS and/or its employees, without prejudice to any
applicable laws and regulations.

The User hereby accepts that the compensation for any loss suffered by
the User arising from the use of the Font Software and/or concerning
the execution of this License Agreement is limited to the amount of
remuneration paid by the User to Production Systems SAS under Article
7 of this agreement, without prejudice to any applicable laws and
regulations.

8.5 Production Systems SAS disavows any liability in any respect
whatsoever for indirect damages such as loss of earnings, commercial
or financial detriment, the increase of general costs, resulting from
third party claims or losses originating in or being the consequence
of this License Agreement, even when Production Systems SAS has
previously been informed, as well as damages caused to persons or
property distinct from the contractual purpose, without prejudice
toward any applicable laws and regulations.

The User alone shall bear the consequences of operating faults of the
Font Software due to any use non-compliant with the operating
instructions, and acknowledges that Production Systems SAS does not
guarantee the Font Software is fit for the use sought by the User.

The User agrees that it bears the burden of complying with all laws,
foreign and domestic, on the control of experts or transfers of
technology.

If the User acquires the Font for governmental usage, the User agrees
to read and comply with all applicable rules relating to the purchase
of a license to use the software, and the effective use of same.

ARTICLE 9 – CANCELLATION

9.1 Cancellation for breach of the User

In case of breach by the User of any of its obligations under the
License Agreement, the latter may be cancelled ex officio, without any
legal formality, 30 (thirty) days after formal notice has gone
unanswered. The cancellation must be notified by Production Systems
SAS to the User by registered mail with notification of receipt.

The User is required to immediately withdraw documents printed on
tangible formats published with the help of the Font Software, and
including the Typeface, already made available to the public or
distributed. The User may not use up existing stocks of such documents
published but not yet distributed before the cancellation date. No
re-publication nor reprint using the Font Software and/or Typeface is
authorized after the cancellation date. The User shall also have the
obligation to withdraw Font files from any intangible or digital
formats (applications, servers, etc.) immediately.

9.2 Cancellation for convenience

The Parties may end the License Agreement at any time, respecting a
notice period of 3 (three) months following the sending of a
registered letter with notification of receipt.

In this case, the User is not required to proceed with withdrawal when
documents printed on tangible formats published with the help of the
Font Software and including Typographical Characters have already been
made available to the public and/or distributed. The User is also
authorized to use up existing stocks of such documents, published but
not yet distributed, before the cancellation date. It is on the other
hand understood between the Parties that no re-publication using the
Font Software and/or Typeface is authorized after the cancellation
date.

9.3 Consequences common to all types of cancellations

In the event of cancellation, it is agreed between the Parties that
the User must immediately cease use of the Font Software to publish
all documents and/or its use and/ or integration into any file and/or
any software enabling the display of Typeface on all types of formats
and/or terminal. 

In all cases, the User undertakes to delete the Font Software and, if
he has made one, the back-up copy of the Font Software, from the
Server, Computer and, more generally, any storage space in which the
Font Software and/or the back-up copy of the Font Software is stored.

The User acknowledges that the conservation of the Font Software
and/or the back-up copy of the Font Software after the cancellation of
the License Agreement constitutes a breach for which the User may be
subject to legal action.

The User undertakes to recall all multimedia files and/or products
integrating the Typographical Characters and/or the Font Software, and
making it possible to generate Typeface and, more generally, all
copies of files and/or products integrating the Font Software within
no more than thirty (30) days of the cancellation date of the License
Agreement.

In case of cancellation of this agreement, the stipulations of
Articles 1, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10 and 13 remain applicable.

ARTICLE 10 – ASSIGNMENT

10.1 The License Agreement is personal, and the User may not assign it
or transfer it to a third party, without prejudice to the cases
expressly set out in Article 3 herein, where the use of the Font
Software by a third party is authorized, subject to respect for the
conditions and purpose of this use.

It should be recalled, for all useful purposes, that if the User is a
service provider and concludes a license for his own usage, this does
not cover the use of the Font Software by any of the customers of the
User, except in the cases expressly set out herein. As applicable, and
if he so wishes, the User’s customer must acquire a license from
Production Systems SAS.

10.2 In the event that the Font Software is validly assigned by the
User to a third party pursuant to law, in all cases said assignment
shall only be valid and enforceable against Production Systems SAS as
long as the User informs Production System SAS of the identity and
full details of the assignee of the Font Software, and the User
provides evidence to Productions Systems SAS of the destruction of all
copies of the Font Software held by the initial user.

10.3 Production Systems SAS may assign at any time the obligations
springing from this License Agreement to the natural person or legal
entity of its choice.

ARTICLE 11 – NON-DISCLOSURE

The User is prohibited from revealing to any third party any
information he may have accessed relating to the know-how and/or
technologies employed by Production Systems SAS for the design and/or
use of the Font Software.

This obligation survives the termination of this Agreement, for any
reason whatsoever, for a period of 10 (ten) years, without prejudice
toward the application of the intellectual property rights of
Production Systems SAS to the Font Software.

ARTICLE 12 – APPLICABLE LAW AND COMPETENT JURISDICTION

12.1 The Parties agree that the License Agreement is prepared, subject
to and interpreted according to French law. The User expressly agrees
that the United Nations Convention on Agreements for International
Sales of Goods is hereby excluded.

12.2 Before any referral to the courts, the User undertakes to inform
Production Systems SAS of any dispute, by letter sent by regular mail
to Production Systems SAS, 182, rue de Charenton 75012 Paris, France,
and to seek an amicable solution.
In the event of failure to reach an amicable solution, the Parties
agree that any dispute relating, in particular, to the validity,
interpretation and execution of the License Agreement shall be subject
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent Paris courts, subject
to mandatory laws and regulations.

ARTICLE 13 – VARIOUS PROVISIONS

13.1 The License Agreement, its annexes, its amendments and the
Purchase Orders indicating the total price of each order, as well as
the detail of the Font Software programs selected, the license(s)
selected and their duration, and the price of each license, constitute
the entirety of the commitments made between the Parties, and annul
and replace prior verbal and/or written commitments between the
Parties on the same subject.

13.2 The License Agreement may only be modified by a written amendment
validly accepted by the Parties.

13.3 Production Systems SAS reserves the right to amend or modify the
License Agreement at any moment without notice, for future technical
developments. The user may be informed by any means of the new
stipulations of the License Agreement.

In case of modification of this License Agreement, the User shall be
asked to accept the new License Agreement according to the same
conditions as this agreement. When accept the said modification, the
User shall be asked to accept the new License Agreement by mandatorily
"ticking" the box attesting to acceptance of the new License Agreement
"I have read and fully accept all of the rules set out in this
License". The modified License Agreement shall only be applicable to
the User after they have expressly accepted it.

13.4 The fact of not requiring or forcing the execution by the User of
certain stipulations herein, or the fact of not prevailing upon a
right set out herein, cannot be interpreted as a waiver, by Production
Systems SAS, of its right to require or impose the execution of these
stipulations.

The express waiver by production Systems SAS of stipulations,
conditions or requirements in this License Agreement may not
constitute a waiver of any future obligation of compliance with said
stipulations, conditions or requirements.

13.5 If one or several stipulations of the License Agreement are held
to be invalid or declared as such pursuant to law, regulations or
following a definitive ruling by a competent court, the other
stipulations shall retain all their force and scope.

The Parties thus agree to replace the clause declared null and void
with one that is as equivalent as possible to its content, and the
economic intent of the clause initially agreed.

13.6 All requests for information must be sent by e-mail to:
info@productiontype.com.

Each Party agrees to inform the other Party of any substantial
modification concerning its situation (particularly the address, bank
details, assignments, etc.)

13.7 The website of Production Systems SAS is:
http://www.productiontype.com/ [3].

13.8 The User expressly acknowledges he has read and understood this
License Agreement, and that in using the Font Software, he agrees to
be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

13.9 This Agreement is written in French and translated into English.
Only the French version has legal force, particularly in the event of
a dispute.

_End-User License Agreement – Production Systems SAS_



Links:
------
[1] http://www.productiontype.com/
[2] http://www.productiontype.com/
[3] http://www.productiontype.com/
